line: 3  keyword: int 
line: 5  keyword: char 
line: 10  keyword: if 
line: 12  keyword: return 
line: 17  keyword: while 
line: 19  keyword: sizeof 
line: 22  keyword: if 
line: 23  keyword: break 
line: 31  keyword: return 
line: 3  keyword: int 
line: 5  keyword: char 
line: 10  keyword: if 
line: 12  keyword: return 
line: 17  keyword: while 
line: 19  keyword: sizeof 
line: 22  keyword: if 
line: 23  keyword: break 
line: 31  keyword: return 
line: 3  keyword: int 
line: 5  keyword: char 
line: 10  keyword: if 
line: 12  keyword: return 
line: 17  keyword: while 
line: 19  keyword: sizeof 
line: 22  keyword: if 
line: 23  keyword: break 
line: 31  keyword: return 
line: 3  keyword: int 
line: 5  keyword: char 
line: 10  keyword: if 
line: 12  keyword: return 
line: 17  keyword: while 
line: 19  keyword: sizeof 
line: 22  keyword: if 
line: 23  keyword: break 
line: 31  keyword: return 
line: 3  keyword: int 
line: 5  keyword: char 
line: 10  keyword: if 
line: 12  keyword: return 
line: 17  keyword: while 
line: 19  keyword: sizeof 
line: 22  keyword: if 
line: 23  keyword: break 
line: 31  keyword: return 
